if you could stop world hunger if you
could put an end to it forever would you
eat a tire my only thought process in
this is that there are so many worse
things I would eat what else would you
eat um a mile of dish towel you would
need a mild dish towel yeah
to end a world hunger have you ever been
touched by an angel I dated somebody
from the Angels lunch from the team OC
you happened right you've literally been
touched by an angel yeah
Dodger never a Dodger but an angel just
what's the weirdest thing about your mom
her superstitions because she is Thai
and you know the third week of every
month I have to walk up a staircase with
the crab shell full of rice that is not
true it's good luck Jimmy I'm shuffle
right you know what two crab shells full
of rice two crab shells full of rice
that's a shame your mom's weird
thank you I agree Captain Morgan white
rum the answer to all life's ridiculous
questions for more ridiculousness
watch Jimmy Kimmel Live weeknights at
11:35